---
id: 2127
title: "Strong Presence of Web Mining Lab at ICA2016"
date: 2016-01-19 13:08:07
guid: http://weblab.com.cityu.edu.hk/blog/?p=2127
---

# Strong Presence of Web Mining Lab at ICA2016

The Web Mining Lab will have a strong presence at the 66th Annual Conference of International Communication Association (ICA) in Japan in June, 2016. The Lab will organize a preconference workshop on mining social media for communication research in Tokyo on June 8, 2016. Our lab members will work with other speakers to deliver a one-day workshop on key steps of social media mining. The details of the workshop can be found at this [link](<http://weblab.com.cityu.edu.hk/blog/workshops/ica-2016-workshop/>). During the main conference in Fukuoka, Prof. Jonathan Zhu and Dr. Winson Peng from the Lab will work with Dr. Robert Ackland from Australian National University to chair a panel on “Computational Methods for Communication Research: What, Why, and How?”. The panelists from America, Asia, and Europe will address three W questions highlighted in the title of the panel: What are computational methods relevant to and useful for communication research? Why do we need to adopt and embrace computational methods? How can we equip ourselves with computational methods? ICA is the largest academic association for communication scholars around the world. The Lab has organized a series of workshops on computational methods at recent conferences of ICA. In 2012, the Lab organized a workshop on computational social science approaches to studying communication in Singapore. In 2014, we organized a workshop on text mining for new media research in Seattle. In 2015, a BlueSky workshop on tools for teaching and learning of social media analytics was held in Purto Rico. All the workshops were well attended by students and scholars around the world.