---
id: 3030
title: "Eleven papers accepted for ICA 2020"
date: 2020-01-22 19:34:13
guid: http://weblab.com.cityu.edu.hk/blog/?p=3030
---

# Eleven papers accepted for ICA 2020

The 70th Annual ICA conference will be held on May 21-25, 2020 in Gold Coast, Australia. Eleven papers by lab members are selected for presentation on the coming conference, which has an acceptance rate of 44% this year. The titles of the papers are listed below: 1\. **Liu, X. F., Chen, Z.** , & **Zhu, J. J. H.** (2020). Dynamic Trends between Specialization and Integration of Communication Research: Scientometric Analysis of SSCI Journals from 1970 to 2019. (for Computational Methods Interest Group) 2\. Zhang, Y., Cao, B. L., Wang, Y. F.,**Peng, T. Q., Zhu, J. J. H.** , & Wang, X. H. (2020). Social media and public health research: A systematic review from 2000 to 2018. (for Information System Division) 3\. Anderson, J., Lapinski, M., Turner, M., **Peng, T. Q.** , & Schmaelzle, R. (2020). Speaking of values: Value-expressive communication and exercise intentions. (for Health Communication Division) 4\. Lee, S., Ma, S. Y., Meng, J., Zhuang, J., & **Peng, T. Q.** (2020). Detecting sentiment toward emerging diseases on social media: An empirical comparison between human coding and dictionary-based approach. (for Computational Methods Interest Group) 5\. Chung, M., Jang, Y., Lapinski, M., Kerr, J., Zhao, J. H., Shupp, R., & **Peng, T. Q.** (2020). Do we use our own behaviors to help us believe we are normal? Testing the causal effects of personal behavior on perceived descriptive norms. (for Health Communication Division) 6\. Yan, X., & **Wang, C. J.** (2020). With Greater Popularity Comes Less Responsibility? The Popularity Fallacy of Big Vs’ Public Participation on Sina Weibo. (for Political Communication Division) 7\. **Zhang, L.** , Liu, Y., Zhou, J., Wu, Y., & Yi, H. (2020). Contributing by Learning: Continuity of Knowledge Contribution on Online Knowledge-Sharing Platform. 8\. Zhou, J., Wu, Y., & **Zhang, L.** (2020). Diminishing marginal returns of information exposure: How does social media information exposure affect individual HPV vaccine adoption? 9\. Deng, Y., **Zhang, L.** & Wu, Y. (2020). Persuasive Effect of Three-Dimensional Creative Expression in Outdoor Print Advertisements. 10\. **Guan, L., Liang, H.,** & **Zhu, J. J. H.** (2020). National Census of Twitter Users: Scrapping and Describing the Socio-Centric Network of a Nation on Social Media. (for Computational Methods Interest Group) 11\. Wang, Y., & **Guan, L.** (2020). Mapping the Structures of International Communication Organizations’ Networks and Cross-Sector Relationships on Social Media. (for Global Communication and Social Change Division)